README.md, before:

# Gonzales-App
The City of Gonzales partnered up with the Computer Science Department at California State Monterey Bay to make a mobile application for its community to help eliminate the Digital Divide. This application aims to achieve community feedback while having access to important information and announcements from the Gonzales city government through their android mobile devices.

Insert Screenshots of badges below
![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp) 
![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp?style=social)

<!-- # Game Images: -->    
<!-- <p float="left"> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image1.png" width="400" /> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image2.png" width="400" />  -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image3.png" width="400" /> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image4.png" width="400" /> -->
<!-- </p> -->

## App Walkthrough [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SuY3qcQ_STzVaPscllXLPH9D3vbpZC0h/view?usp=sharing)


## Download App In Playstore [Here]()

## Jonathan Welham    
Role: Backend and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/Jonathan-Welham) 
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jwelham/)
   
## Ethan Herndon    
Role: Full Stack and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/HerndonE) 
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ethan-herndon-8ba950196/)

## Mustafa Memon    
Role: UI/UX and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/Mmemon21) 
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mustafa-memon/)

Commit message:

update readme and add images

README.md, after:

# Gonzales-App
The City of Gonzales partnered up with the Computer Science Department at California State Monterey Bay to make a mobile application for its community to help eliminate the Digital Divide. This application aims to achieve community feedback while having access to important information and announcements from the Gonzales city government through their android mobile devices.

Insert Screenshots of badges below   
![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp) 
![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Jonathan-Welham/CityOfGonzalessApp?style=social)

# In App-Images    
<p float="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jonathan-Welham/Gonzales-App/main/Images/Image1.png" width="400" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jonathan-Welham/Gonzales-App/main/Images/Image2.png" width="400" /> 
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jonathan-Welham/Gonzales-App/main/Images/Image3.png" width="400" />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jonathan-Welham/Gonzales-App/main/Images/Image4.png" width="400" />
</p>


<!-- # Game Images: -->    
<!-- <p float="left"> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image1.png" width="400" /> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image2.png" width="400" />  -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image3.png" width="400" /> -->
<!--   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HerndonE/RTS-Game-Using-Unity/main/Documents/Images/Image4.png" width="400" /> -->
<!-- </p> -->

## App Walkthrough [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SuY3qcQ_STzVaPscllXLPH9D3vbpZC0h/view?usp=sharing)

## Research Paper [Here]()

## Download App In Playstore [Here]()

## Jonathan Welham    
**Role:** Backend and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/Jonathan-Welham)  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jwelham/)
   
## Ethan Herndon    
**Role:** Full Stack and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/HerndonE)  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ethan-herndon-8ba950196/)

## Mustafa Memon    
**Role:** UI/UX and Mobile Application Developer.    
[Github](https://github.com/Mmemon21)  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mustafa-memon/)
